README.md, before:

[![CI](https://github.com/pertsevds/nbpm/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pertsevds/nbpm/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Hex pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/nbpm.svg?style=flat)](https://hex.pm/packages/nbpm)
[![Hex Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/hex-docs-lightgreen.svg)](https://hexdocs.pm/nbpm)

# Name-Based Port Mapper (Nbpm)

Nbpm is a lightweight Elixir module that provides a simplified implementation of the Erlang Port Mapper Daemon (EPMD) protocol. It enables basic functionality for mapping Erlang node names to network ports. This module is designed as a convenient alternative to a full EPMD implementation, making it easier to facilitate communication between Erlang nodes.

## Features

- `Mix.Release` compatibility.
- Ability to specify port number in the node name.
- Hash-Based Port from node name.

## Installation

To use Nbpm in your Elixir project, add it as a dependency in your `mix.exs` file:

```elixir
def deps do
[
    {:nbpm, "~> 0.2.0"}
]
end
```

## Usage

TODO

## Documentation
https://hexdocs.pm/nbpm

Commit message:

New features * Installer to project. Closes #3. * Usage docs. Closes #2.

README.md, after:

# Nbpm

> Name-Based Port Mapper

[![CI](https://github.com/pertsevds/nbpm/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pertsevds/nbpm/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/pertsevds/nbpm/badge.svg?branch=2-usage-docs)](https://coveralls.io/github/pertsevds/nbpm?branch=2-usage-docs)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/nbpm.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/nbpm)
[![Hex pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/nbpm.svg?style=flat)](https://hex.pm/packages/nbpm)
[![Hex Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/hex-docs-lightgreen.svg)](https://hexdocs.pm/nbpm)

`Nbpm` is a lightweight Elixir module that provides a simplified implementation of the Erlang Port Mapper Daemon (EPMD) protocol. It enables basic functionality for mapping Erlang node names to network ports. This module is designed as a convenient alternative to a full EPMD implementation, making it easier to facilitate communication between Erlang nodes.

## Features

- `Mix.Release` compatibility.
- Ability to specify port number in the node name.
- Hash-Based Port from node name.

## Installation

To use Nbpm in your Elixir project, add it as a dependency in your `mix.exs` file:

```elixir
def deps do
[
    {:nbpm, "~> 0.2.0"}
]
end
```

Execute `mix nbpm.install`

This will add `-start_epmd false -epmd_module Elixir.Nbpm` to `ELIXIR_ERL_OPTIONS` in files `rel/env.sh.eex` and `rel/env.bat.eex`

## TODO

Installation to global: https://github.com/pertsevds/nbpm/issues/4

## Documentation

https://hexdocs.pm/nbpm
